WDAC/AppLocker: URL corrections (#6790)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/windows-defender-application-control.md

| Topic | Description |
| - | - |

> | [WDAC and AppLocker Overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/wdac-and-applocker-overview) | This topic describes the decisions you need to make to establish the processes for managing and maintaining WDAC policies. |
> | [WDAC and AppLocker Feature Availability](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/feature-availability) | This topic lists the design questions, possible answers, and ramifications of the decisions when you plan a deployment of application control policies. |

Reviewer: Please, if possible, keep the links to GitHub, unless the Microsoft Docs team require us to stop using relative links.
```suggestion
| [WDAC and AppLocker Overview](wdac-and-applocker-overview.md) | This topic describes the decisions you need to make to establish the processes for managing and maintaining WDAC policies. |
| [WDAC and AppLocker Feature Availability](feature-availability.md) | This topic lists the design questions, possible answers, and ramifications of the decisions when you plan a deployment of application control policies. |
```

Reviewer: Note that these links are the same pages, only GitHub pages, as long as the source page is the GitHub version of the page. These links are automatically translated when migrated to the docs.microsoft.com pages.
